welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to learn to craft dolls of
ourselves using only dirt
fingernails and jism as we roll through
the 2020 hoodoo centered thriller
spell if you're looking to reach master
levels of hexing subscribe to the
channel so you don't miss an episode
let's get to it
we open on a man remembering his rough
childhood spent getting whipped by his
father
despite this marcus has grown into a
tremendously successful man
in terms of finances not necessarily in
terms of his personal life as he laughs
and chides his wife who got herself
stuck behind a simple door
he does eventually pick it for her to
reestablish their spousal trust
at work we learn he's a ruthless and
unrelenting attorney
engaged in leading a delicate strategic
initiative for a huge class action
lawsuit his day of crushing it is
interrupted however when he gets a call
from an attorney
working out of his hometown strong
indication of bad news
incoming and as it turns out his father
has passed away
well bye over dinner we learn that
they've been estranged for a very long
time
so much so that his children ty and sam
haven't even met him regardless viora
determines that a patriarch deserves
reverence
especially in death and regardless of
how they live their life
so they'll all be attending the memorial
service soon they're enjoying the fresh
mountain breezes of appalachia
up in their little single engine plane
piloted by mark because he is a talented
dude
they make one stop along the way
touching down on a single runway airport
out in the boonies the kids fuel up
while mark heads in for a diet coke and
some
eye of newt as ty tries to get some bars
on his phone he enlists the help of a
passing fisherman who convinces him to
let him see the phone in order to best
provide assistance
in the course of their conversation tai
whips out his withered hand to point out
that they're heading up yonder which
spooks out his new friend and causes him
to continue on toward his fishing hole
inside marcus settles up on the fuel the
proprietor is busy crafting some
talisman of protection and good fortune
which he recommends to marcus
but the offer is declined and then
they're just about to take off when the
town sheriff rolls up to slam his huge
johnson on the table and make sure they
all know who's in charge around here
but all their papers are in order and
he's just scoping things out so soon
they're back on their way into creepier
and stormier territory the adults have a
tempestuous argument about the best way
to rear children
contrasting the tension between giving
them a better life and outright spoiling
them and their emotions are matched by
the surrounding addi
no we then take a brief journey back
with mark remembering a childhood pig
slaughtering that startles him awake
in someone's attic with some minor to
moderate injuries to his foot he hobbles
to a window and peers out only to find
that he's off in a holler somewhere
eloise then busts in to provide comfort
and first aid insisting he lay back in
his bed before talking or providing any
information whatsoever but he sours
their relationship immediately by taking
the lord's name in vain
so she calls up earl and lewis to help
get his big ass back in bed
after a few more blasphemes he remembers
suddenly that he had an accident an old
earl tells him that he was the only one
they found in the plane
an intense desire to begin searching for
his kin gets them all riled up again so
they get to put that hoodoo dust in his
face to calm him back down a bit then
eloise goes out to get some prime dirt
from the yard and some laundry from the
line
all vital pieces of this special recipe
she's cooking up by the end she has a
unique little doll which earl finishes
off with a loogie as louis digs up some
fresh graves
when mark wakes up again he's feeling a
bit calmer and pleads with her for an
ambulance and a search party to find his
family but in his attempt to convince
her he accidentally distracts her as she
goes off on the unimportance of legal
tender the offer of which is only
secondary to his request for his family
she also tells him she doesn't have a
phone anyway and quickly whips out the
special boogity she made of him it's a
magical doll that's made with parts of
him
such as blood and hair a pinch of salmon
oh yeah if good things happen to the
doll they will happen to him
helping him heal so she sets his new
friend up at the window to keep the
devil out and goes about her business
marcus decides to test whether his foot
can bear weight he finds the doors
locked but does discover an unlocked
window despite the unsure footing he
climbs out and goes galavanting across
the rooftops
he makes it a good way eventually
arriving at the beacon where he pauses
to observe the events below
some of the townsfolk have come from
magic healing and while they're using
animal parts tonight they're promised
something more pure and powerful coming
up real soon the elderly
parishioners are granted healing of
speech and sight causing us to pause and
wonder why eloise waited so long to cure
them of their ailments
but we're distracted from this when
julius uses his fresh pair of goat eyes
to look up and what he sees
is marcus so they put the party on ice
and grab lewis as they rush back to the
room marcus now finds himself in a race
to get there first so he can play like
he's sleeping even though he is
fully saturated with water he does make
it and while
eloise has her suspicions she's not
ready to outright accuse him of lying
because that's no small thing
after another daddy dream marcus wakes
up to find some nourishment
and his complimentary assessment of the
vittles seems to put him back in
favorable graces
as eloise joyfully heads downstairs to
serve him up a second helping of stew he
takes the chance to remove the dingling
out of his doorbell when she returns he
casually asks her about the cell phone
alerts he's been hearing but she brushes
this off with righteous indignation
again not wanting to impose the
discourtesy of suggesting that someone
else is lying he chooses to let it go
then eloise casts the bones and predicts
he'll see his family again around the
time of the blood moon
afterwards she tries to convince him to
get back to his roots and embrace his
true self
when she leaves he realigns the bones
and notices their configuration
resembles his son's unique injury
now shook marcus grabs his dingling to
pick the lock and make his way down
moving slowly and carefully so as to
avoid detection their pet pro nearly
gives him away but then he hugs up to
that wall like he's making love
and eventually gets deep into the woods
he uses his skills to navigate via the
stars and finds his way to the bottom of
a gully
while there he pauses to reminisce which
gives him the strength to continue
he eventually comes upon the wreckage of
his plane and finds it empty save for
some significant blood spatter
and then right when he may have found a
road or friendly residence
lewis gets him he wakes up the next day
to observe the elders taking the
carriage into town
excitedly preparing for the evening's
blood moon festivities
bored he decides to check on his wound
and finds that most of the pain is
radiating from a spike that's been
inserted into his heel so he works to
extricate it from his body and gets
quite a bit of fluid running out but
afterward it seems to generally
feel a bit better after this he picks
the lock again and heads right
back out stumbling upon the fresh graves
in the backyard but when he claws them
up it's just some animals of various
sorts
of course they did waste quite a bit of
time digging such a large grave for a
chicken then he ventures into the barn
and finds a seller while he does find a
variety of corpses down there as well as
some magical dolls his family is not
present
he comes across a picture that implies
the magic provides the family with
extended life then he finds a spell book
confirming that he's been getting
himself spelled up this whole time
thinking fast he grabs a variety of
magical items and puts together at least
one boogety of his own which he stashes
away under the front porch
inside the house he hears another cell
phone alert and goes to find it
while he does locate the stash he has to
hurry off when they return from their
day trip
understanding the importance now to
continue the ruse in the hopes of
getting some info on his family he
decides to go ahead and reinsert the
foot spike
and slowly feeling its rough edges grip
and pull at his flesh the whole way in
it's lucky he did this because under
suspicion that he's been up walking
around they'd take a peek at his swollen
foot
as soon as they leave again he makes an
emergency call the sheriff relates that
his daughter and wife came into the
station a few days ago and he's been out
looking for him he provides the names of
his captors who are familiar to the
sheriff and he promises to head that way
now wanting to make sure he's ready for
company marcus re-undoes his foot spike
make up your mind this provides no
advantage at this point however because
upon the arrival of his rescuer eloise
storms in and puts the hoodoo on him
preventing him from
using that spike removing his tongue and
then spiritually binding him
but he's very determined so he rolls
over and easily walks to the window but
he can't shout
and instead of making some other noise
while the opportunity is present he
works to reconstruct the doll and then
shuffles off this was the best option we
learn as he bursts out of the woods at
just the right moment to catch the
passing sheriff
after sundown what i mean how
safe in the car he completes the
necessary steps to regain power of
speech and movement
and explains what's happened the sheriff
calms him letting him know it'll all be
over soon as he returns him to his
captors
twist in the barn they march in his
family who are all entranced by the
hoodoo then they lay him down on the
table to start the magic on him but he
pulls the old switcheroo
on earl and flashes back to show that he
did similar switcheroos to some of their
supplies and potions
so he got the awake powder instead of
the sleep powder the whole town then
runs off scared for plot convenience
he then administers the awake powder to
his family and we're happy to see them
all
alive and intact well mostly intact he
then runs the plan with his family
before heading out to bushwhack the
sheriff
giving strong indications that he is a
master of krav maga he has
just enough time to pick up his doll as
the villagers arrive back with
torches and pitchforks lewis goes in
first and gets to choke at him something
fierce but soon finds his lungs are full
of water
a side effect of his bugatti getting
stashed in a water bucket eloise senses
this
somehow but it's too late then they have
a final wizarding showdown where marcus
hits her with the dust before hammering
her boogity through a pillar
now accepting of who he is as a person
he offers no comfort
instead locking her in the barn to burn
alive he then holds off the town's folk
by showing that he has boogities of them
all
even those of them he never previously
met so they let him walk away slowly
while the unspent fuel cells that were
stored in the barn explode behind him
the family now reunited then drives off
into the night hoping that if they hurry
they might still make it to the funeral
service
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to give
a huge thanks to my donors memorialized
in the hall of head shots
spell was an unfortunately mediocre
movie not to say it was bad
it was certainly no worse than other
recent releases like death of me
but its world was not thoroughly thought
through and the plot was rushed which
seemed to eliminate a lot of these
suspense
it definitely needed a few more passes
on the script i say that mediocrity was
unfortunate because of the promise it
showed in its first few minutes
the way the characters were introduced
in the beginning was clear and concise
and demonstrated who they were by
showing us rather than telling us
it's a simple thing but was done very
well i'm not sure what happened to this
throughout the rest of the movie but it
was not utilized effectively throughout
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching